Chair 1

Use chandeliers to define zones
Create vignettes with minimal furnishings and hang an oversized pendant lamp above. Adding pattern and colour gives emphasis without taking up floor space.



Get this look: Pendant light, Serena & Lily. Drapes, Tonic Living. Chair upholstery, Silva 4 Home. Table, West Elm.

Chair2

Debuting in 2004, the clean, modern and well-proportioned lines of VIOSKI reflect Jeff Vioski's architecture background while the comfort and practicality represent the needs of those living a relaxed urban lifestyle. Each piece of the VIOSKI line is handcrafted in Southern California using rich European textiles or solid hardwood and veneers.

The collection is available in showrooms throughout California as well as in Austin and New York. inside in Hayes Valley carries the VIOSKI furniture as well as another one of my favorites, the Cherner Chair.

Thanks to the blog of Jenn Ski for turning me on to my newest furniture obsession.

chair3
Round Dining Table & Chairs for Small Homes
This space saving dining table works for 4 people but does not take a whole lot of space. The table has a PVC edge and solid Birch legs. The chairs fit under the table, so they don’t take a lot of space when you are not using them. A pretty nice table for small homes.

chair4

Trend Alert: In Your Face Florals

Chair5

The Chroma Frame is a chair system created by Lambert Rainville to provide a structure for Lucy Birley’s graphic textile.

Lucy, a London Printed textile designer, based her creations on the interaction of colour, exploring composition, texture and tension. Her fabrics are printed by hand and translate her playful visual research. Her collaboration with product designer Lambert Rainville resulted in the “Chroma Frame”, a chair system with interchangeable textile covers.

chair8

A Chaise Lounge that Spreads Flat into a Comfy Sleep Surface for Guests | DesignRulz - $529

chair9
Toro Lounge Chair
SKU# TR1-LNGCHR
$1,299.00
http://www.bludot.com/toro-modern-lounge-chairs.html#utm_campaign=type56&utm_medium=HardPin&utm_source=Pinterest
